var PRE_Results =
`ISTJ 
FULFILLER 
Duty, Responsibility, Order
In the quiet chambers of your mind, you find solace amidst the echoes of duty and responsibility. Your dreams are the blueprints of order, meticulously crafted with precision and care. Your deepest desire is to build a world where stability reigns supreme, where every piece falls into place with perfect alignment.
_
ISFJ 
NURTURER
Empathy, Compassion, Support
In the garden of your soul, empathy blooms like delicate flowers, nurturing the bonds that connect you to others. Your dreams are the whispers of kindness, weaving a tapestry of compassion and support. Your deepest desire is to create a sanctuary of love, where every soul finds solace and warmth.
_
INFJ 
PROTECTOR
Intuition, Insights, Purpose
In the depths of your heart, intuition dances like ethereal fireflies, illuminating the path to hidden truths and insights. Your dreams are the whispers of destiny, guiding you towards a future filled with purpose and meaning. Your deepest desire is to be a beacon of hope, lighting the way for those lost in the darkness.
_
INTJ 
MASTERMIND
Intellect, Strategy, Innovation
In the labyrinth of your mind, intellect reigns supreme, orchestrating the symphony of ideas and strategies that shape your world. Your dreams are the blueprints of innovation, charting a course towards a future defined by progress and ingenuity. Your deepest desire is to unravel the mysteries of existence, unlocking the secrets that lie hidden beneath the surface.
_
ISTP 
CRAFTSMAN
Creativity, Adventure, Craftsmanship
In the workshop of your soul, creativity flows like molten metal, shaping the world with hands skilled in the art of innovation. Your dreams are the echoes of adventure, beckoning you to explore the uncharted territories of possibility and discovery. Your deepest desire is to forge a legacy of craftsmanship, leaving behind a trail of ingenuity for generations to come.
_
ISFP 
COMPOSER
Beauty, Emotion, Artistry
In the sanctuary of your heart, beauty blossoms like wildflowers, painting the world with hues of emotion and expression. Your dreams are the melodies of inspiration, weaving a symphony of creativity and passion. Your deepest desire is to be a vessel of artistry, channeling the whispers of the muse into works that touch the soul.
_
INFP 
IDEALIST
Imagination, Utopia, Authenticity
In the library of your soul, imagination dances like playful shadows, conjuring worlds of wonder and possibility. Your dreams are the whispers of utopia, envisioning a reality where harmony and authenticity reign supreme. Your deepest desire is to be a catalyst for change, shaping a world that reflects the beauty of your ideals.
_
INTP 
THINKER
Curiosity, Reason, Discovery
In the laboratory of your mind, curiosity sparks like electric currents, illuminating the mysteries of the universe with the light of reason. Your dreams are the equations of discovery, unlocking the secrets of existence with every hypothesis and experiment. Your deepest desire is to unravel the fabric of reality, uncovering the truths that lie hidden beneath the surface.
_
ESTP
DYNAMO
Vitality, Adventure, Conquest
In the arena of your spirit, vitality pulses like a raging fire, igniting the passions that drive you towards adventure and excitement. Your dreams are the echoes of adrenaline, beckoning you to chase after thrills and conquests. Your deepest desire is to be a force of nature, carving your name into the annals of history with every daring feat.
_
ESFP 
PERFORMER
Charisma, Celebration, Inspiration
In the spotlight of your soul, charisma shines like a dazzling star, captivating the hearts of all who bask in your glow. Your dreams are the melodies of celebration, inviting you to dance through life with unabashed joy and enthusiasm. Your deepest desire is to be a source of inspiration, spreading happiness and laughter wherever you go.
_
ENFP 
CHAMPION
Spontaneity, Revolution, Catalyst
In the carnival of your heart, spontaneity whirls like colorful confetti, infusing every moment with a sense of excitement and possibility. Your dreams are the visions of revolution, fueling your passion to challenge the status quo and forge a path towards a brighter tomorrow. Your deepest desire is to be a catalyst for change, igniting the flames of progress wherever you tread.
_
ENTP
VISIONARY
Innovation, Revolution, Trailblazer
In the laboratory of your imagination, innovation sparks like a bolt of lightning, illuminating the possibilities that lie beyond the confines of convention. Your dreams are the blueprints of revolution, charting a course towards a future defined by invention and ingenuity. Your deepest desire is to be a trailblazer, carving new paths through the wilderness of possibility.
_
ESTJ 
SUPERVISOR
Authority, Discipline, Leadership
In the command center of your soul, authority stands tall like a sentinel, guiding you with unwavering resolve towards your goals and ambitions. Your dreams are the visions of order, painting a picture of a world where discipline and structure reign supreme. Your deepest desire is to be a pillar of strength, leading others with confidence and integrity.
_
ESFJ 
PROVIDER
Warmth, Compassion, Connection
In the hearth of your spirit, warmth radiates like a comforting embrace, enveloping all who enter your sphere with love and compassion. Your dreams are the whispers of community, weaving a tapestry of connection and support that binds you to those you hold dear. Your deepest desire is to be a beacon of nurturing, fostering growth and wellbeing wherever you go.
_
ENFJ 
TEACHER
Wisdom, Enlightenment, Mentorship
In the classroom of your heart, wisdom flows like a gentle stream, imparting knowledge and guidance to all who seek your counsel. Your dreams are the visions of enlightenment, illuminating the path towards a future shaped by understanding and empathy. Your deepest desire is to be a mentor and guide, inspiring others to reach their full potential and become the best versions of themselves.
_
ENTJ 
COMMANDER
Ambition, Conquest, Leadership
In the citadel of your mind, ambition reigns supreme, driving you towards greatness with the relentless force of a conquering army. Your dreams are the visions of conquest, charting a course towards victory and domination in the battlefield of life. Your deepest desire is to be a leader of men, carving your name into the annals of history with every strategic move and calculated decision.`;

